Manage data - New Search Filter - Screenshots updated (#4246)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-07-15-manage.md

---

> title: Advance Filtering for Logs (Manage) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Advanced Filtering for Logs (Manage) 
```

image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - filtering
  - manage
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We are excited to introduce the new **Add a Filter** section to the below logs tab, which helps you refine the table results. The filtering applies *AND* logic when filtering between different sections and *OR* logic when filtering within the same section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to introduce the new **Add a Filter** section in the logs tab, designed to help you refine table results more effectively. The filtering mechanism uses *AND* logic between different sections and *OR* logic within the same section, ensuring you get the most accurate and relevant data.
```
